All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. Twenty-six times I’ve been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life, and that is why I succeed.
Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
Only the paranoid survive.
It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.
I wake up every morning and think to myself, ‘How far can I push this company in the next 24 hours?’
We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes―understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success.
Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it. Sauté it. Whatever. MAKE.
If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can’t hear them anymore.
You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth.
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Everything you can imagine is real.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right―for you’ll be criticized anyway.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
If we have the attitude that it’s going to be a great day, it usually is.
You can either experience the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The choice is yours.
Impossible is just an opinion.
Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up.
Magic is believing in yourself. If you can make that happen, you can make anything happen.
If something is important enough, even if the odds are stacked against you, you should still do it.
Hold the vision, trust the process.
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
People who wonder if the glass is half empty or full miss the point. The glass is refillable.
Monday motivational quotes
It’s Monday … time to motivate and make dreams and goals happen. Let’s go!
It was a Monday and they walked on a tightrope to the sun.
Goodbye, blue Monday.
So, Monday. We meet again. We will never be friends—but maybe we can move past our mutual enmity toward a more positive partnership.
When life gives you Monday, dip it in glitter and sparkle all day.
Monday c’est Mon Day.
All Motivation Mondays need are a little more coffee and a lot more mascara.
I’m alive, motivated, and ready to slay the day. #MONSLAY.
One day or day one. You decide.
Oh! It’s Friday again. Share the love that was missing during the week. In a worthy moment of peace and bliss.
Friday sees more smiles than any other day of the workweek!
Every Friday, I like to high-five myself for getting through another week on little more than caffeine, willpower, and inappropriate humor.
When you leave work on Friday, leave work. Don’t let technology follow you throughout your weekend (answering text messages and emails). Take a break. You will be more refreshed to begin the workweek if you have had a break.
Make Friday a day to celebrate work well done that you can be proud of, knowing that you just didn’t put in time to the next paycheck.
I challenge you to let every day be a Friday. Permit yourself to be happy every day.
This Friday, finish your work and be done. Look forward to the weekend and have some fun!
Fridays are the hardest in some ways: you’re so close to freedom.
It’s Friday morning, mankind! Good vibe, don’t frown, and let the monster see you smile!
Don’t worry about letting the dogs out. It’s Friday! Let them have a great weekend, too.
No one is to blame for your future situation but yourself. If you want to be successful, then become ‘Successful.’
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
Every successful person in the world is a hustler one way or another. We all hustle to get where we need to be. Only a fool would sit around and wait on another man to feed him.
Invest in your dreams. Grind now. Shine later.
Hustlers don’t sleep, they nap.
Greatness only comes before hustle in the dictionary.
Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.
Work like there is someone working 24 hours a day to take it away from you.
Hustle in silence and let your success make the noise.
Self-worth comes from one thing—thinking that you are worthy.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
I always did something I was a little not ready to do. I think that’s how you grow. When there’s that moment of ‘Wow, I’m not really sure I can do this’ and you push through those moments, that’s when you have a breakthrough.
If you hear a voice within you say, ‘You cannot paint,’ then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.
If you hire people just because they can do a job, they’ll work for your money. But if you hire people who believe what you believe, they’ll work for you with blood and sweat and tears.
Very often, a change of self is needed more than a change of scene.
Leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure.
It’s not the load that breaks you down, it’s the way you carry it.
If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on.
The hard days are what make you stronger.
If you believe it’ll work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you don’t believe it’ll work out, you’ll see obstacles.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.
I now tried a new hypothesis: It was possible that I was more in charge of my happiness than I was allowing myself to be.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Work hard in silence, let your success be the noise.
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard.
If everything seems to be under control, you’re not going fast enough.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
The only difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one.
Unsuccessful people make their decisions based on their current situations. Successful people make their decisions based on where they want to be.
Never stop doing your best just because someone doesn’t give you credit.
Work hard for what you want because it won’t come to you without a fight. You have to be strong and courageous and know that you can do anything you put your mind to. If somebody puts you down or criticizes you, just keep on believing in yourself and turn it into something positive.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it.
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.
If you work on something a little bit every day, you end up with something that is massive.
The big secret in life is that there is no secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you’re willing to work.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn’t have the power to say yes.
At any given moment you have the power to say: This is not how the story is going to end.
Amateurs sit around and wait for inspiration. The rest of us just get up and go to work.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it.
Nothing will work unless you do.
Sometimes when you’re in a dark place you think you’ve been buried but you’ve actually been planted.
Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.
Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go, just remember how far you have come.
Don’t quit yet. The worst moments are usually followed by the most beautiful silver linings. You have to stay strong, remember to keep your head up and remain hopeful.
When written in Chinese, the word ‘crisis’ is composed of two characters―one represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
Good. Better. Best. Never let it rest. ’Til your good is better and your better is best.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Everyone has inside them a piece of good news. The good news is you don’t know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is.
Dreams don’t work unless you do.
Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded there.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine―and shadows will fall behind you.
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.
Begin anywhere.
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice, and, most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.
Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It’s quite simple, really: Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn’t at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, so go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember, that’s where you will find success.
Every champion was once a contender that didn’t give up.
There are five important things for living a successful and fulfilling life: never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.
The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say no to almost everything.
Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.
You were born to be a player. You were meant to be here. This moment is yours.
Life is not what you alone make it. Life is the input of everyone who touched your life and every experience that entered it. We are all part of one another.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang out.
Never regret anything that made you smile.
You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
If you want to fly, give up everything that weighs you down.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
I never lose. Either I win or learn.
Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.
Challenges are what makes life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Focus on being productive instead of busy.
It’s not all sunshine and rainbows, but a good amount of it actually is.
When someone says you can’t do it, do it twice and take pictures.
I didn’t get there by wishing for it, but by working for it.
She remembered who she was and the game changed.
If you’re too comfortable, it’s time to move on. Terrified of what’s next? You’re on the right track.
Be happy with what you have while working for what you want.
Sunshine all the time makes a desert.
The big lesson in life, baby, is never be scared of anyone or anything.
You don’t need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Do the best you can. No one can do more than that.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
It’s never too late to be what you might’ve been.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Trust yourself that you can do it and get it.
Don’t let what you can’t do interfere with what you can do.
You can do anything you set your mind to.
All we can do is the best we can do.
You never know what you can do until you try.
Twenty years from now you’ll be more disappointed by the things you did not do than the ones you did.
I am thankful for all of those who said no to me. It’s because of them I’m doing it myself.
It’s OK to outgrow people who don’t grow. Grow tall anyways.
When you feel like giving up, just remember that there are a lot of people you still have to prove wrong.
The world is full of nice people. If you can’t find one, be one.
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got to keep going.
A walk to a nearby park may give you more energy and inspiration in life than spending two hours in front of a screen.
If you can’t do anything about it then let it go. Don’t be a prisoner to things you can’t change.
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
I can and I will. Watch me.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather become a man of value.
A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.
If you don’t have a competitive advantage, don’t compete.
The only thing standing in the way between you and your goal is the BS story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it.
What is life without a little risk?
Only do what your heart tells you.
If it’s a good idea, go ahead and do it. It’s much easier to apologize than it is to get permission.
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took an excuse.
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.
A surplus of effort could overcome a deficit of confidence.
And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won’t feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do.
Don’t think or judge, just listen.
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You’re on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who’ll decide where to go.
It’s the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.
There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for.
Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.
Atticus, he was real nice.
Oh yes, the past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it.
We’re on the brink of adventure, children. Don’t spoil it with questions.
Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
I just wanna let them know that they didn’t break me.
I’m going to make him an offer he can’t refuse.
No one has ever made a difference by being like everyone else.
The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem.
Remember you’re the one who can fill the world with sunshine.
You’ll have bad times, but it’ll always wake you up to the good stuff you weren’t paying attention to.
Spend a little more time trying to do something with yourself and a little less time trying to impress people.
And when you get the choice to sit it out or dance … I hope you dance.
Just because it burns doesn’t mean you’re gonna die. You’ve gotta get up and try.
Life’s a game made for everyone and love is the prize.
It’s a new dawn, it’s a new day, it’s a life for me, and I’m feeling good.
Today is where your book begins, the rest is still unwritten.
It’s my life. It’s now or never. I ain’t gonna live forever. I just want to live while I’m alive.
I could build a castle out of all the bricks they threw at me.
Cause the grass is greener under me, bright as technicolor, I can tell that you can see.
Every day women and men become legends.
On my own I will just create, and if it works, it works. And if it doesn’t, I’ll just create something else. I don’t have any limitations on what I think I could do or be.
We realize the importance of our voices only when we are silenced.
Don’t compromise yourself. You’re all you’ve got.
When something I can’t control happens, I ask myself: Where is the hidden gift? Where is the positive in this?
“Doubt is a killer. You just have to know who you are and what you stand for. “ ―Jennifer Lopez
Be a first-rate version of yourself, not a second rate version of someone else.
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can’t live long enough to make them all yourself.
I was smart enough to go through any door that opened.
Done is better than perfect.
If your dreams don’t scare you, they are too small.
Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.
What hurts you blesses you.
Nothing is stronger than a broken man rebuilding himself.
I always thought it was me against the world, and then one day I realized it’s just me against me.
A man is not finished when he is defeated. He is finished when he quits.
The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion.
If you don’t build your dream, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs.
I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations, and you’re not in this world to live up to mine.
What’s right is what’s left if you do everything else wrong.
Be a Froot Loop in a world of Cheerios.
Dream beautiful dreams, and then work to make those dreams come true.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
Believe you can and you will.
Do the right thing even when no one is looking.
Make today the day you learn something new.
Be silly, be honest, be kind.
If you think someone could use a friend. Be one.
It’s not what happens to you but how you react to it that matters.
You don’t have to be perfect to be amazing.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose.
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
You can’t have a million-dollar dream on a minimum wage work ethic.
You must do the kind of things you think you cannot do.
It’s not what you do once in a while, it’s what you do day in and day out that makes the difference.
Falling down is how we grow. Staying down is how we die.
Wealth isn’t about having a lot of money, it’s about having a lot of options.
There may be people that have more talent than you, but there’s no excuse for anyone to work harder than you.
Always be careful when you follow the masses. Sometimes the ‘m’ is silent.
If you fall―I’ll be there.
When Plan A doesn’t work, don’t worry, you still have 25 more letters to go through.
If you think you’re too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
If at first you don’t succeed, then skydiving isn’t for you.
A diamond is merely a lump of coal that did well under pressure.
I find television very educational. Every time someone turns it on, I go in the other room and read a book.
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.
Never let anyone treat you like you’re regular glue. You’re glitter glue.
‘You could rattle the stars,’ she whispered. ‘You could do anything, if only you dared. And deep down, you know it, too. That’s what scares you most.’
It is only when we take chances when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest.
The adventure of life is to learn. The purpose of life is to grow. The nature of life is to change. The challenge of life is to overcome. The essence of life is to care. The opportunity of life is to serve. The secret of life is to dare. The spice of life is to befriend. The beauty of life is to give.
When you know your worth, no one can make you feel worthless.
If you’ve never eaten while crying, you don’t know what life tastes like.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Once you do know what the question actually is, you’ll know what the answer means.
The two most important days in your life are the day you’re born and the day you find out why.
Nothing ever goes away until it teaches us what we need to know.
We can see through others only when we can see through ourselves.
I choose to make the rest of my life the best of my life.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different.
Doubt is a killer. You just have to know who you are and what you stand for.
No one changes the world who isn’t obsessed.
What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.
You’ll never get bored when you try something new. There’s really no limit to what you can do.
People’s passion and desire for authenticity is strong.
I learned a long time ago that there is something worse than missing the goal, and that’s not pulling the trigger.
You don’t get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
Be an encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.
Remember, you have been criticizing yourself for years and it hasn’t worked. Try approving of yourself and see what happens.
Work hard and don’t give up hope. Be open to criticism and keep learning. Surround yourself with happy, warm, and genuine people.
Stay true to yourself, yet always be open to learn. Work hard, and never give up on your dreams, even when nobody else believes they can come true but you. These are not cliches but real tools you need no matter what you do in life to stay focused on your path.
You can control two things: your work ethic and your attitude about anything.
Success isn’t always about greatness. It’s about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come.
One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don’t throw it away.
Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you’re wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn’t love you anymore.
Read, read, read. Read everything—trash, classics, good and bad, and see how they do it. Just like a carpenter who works as an apprentice and studies the master. Read! You’ll absorb it. Then write. If it’s good, you’ll find out. If it’s not, throw it out of the window.
Motivation comes from working on things we care about.
If today you are a little bit better than you were yesterday, then that’s enough.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
If you can’t make a mistake you can’t make anything.
Practice makes progress, not perfect.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you’ll be doomed if you don’t try.
Failure is the tuition you pay for success.
If we wait until we’re ready, we’ll be waiting for the rest of our lives.
Study while others are sleeping; work while others are loafing; prepare while others are playing; and dream while others are wishing.
I really appreciate people who correct me, because without them, I might have been repeating mistakes for a long time.
“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You’re on your own. And you know what you know. And you are the guy who’ll decide where to go.' —Dr. Seuss
The best revenge is massive success.
What’s on the other side of fear? Nothing.
Quitters never win. Winners never quit!
It’s not your salary that makes you rich, it’s your spending habits.
If there is no wind, row.
It’s never too late for a new beginning in your life.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
I never dreamt of success. I worked for it.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
Change is painful, but nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don’t belong.
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.
Dreams are the seeds of change. Nothing ever grows without a seed, and nothing ever changes without a dream.
It’s better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Real change, enduring change, happens one step at a time.
Don’t stay in bed unless you can make money in bed.
You must gain control over your money or the lack of it will forever control you.
Only buy something that you’d be perfectly happy to hold if the market shuts down for 10 years.
That man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest.
Money can’t buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you’re being miserable.
Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver.
You’re already a financial trader. You might not think of it in just this way, but if you work for a living, you’re trading your time for money. Frankly, it’s just about the worst trade you can make. Why? You can always get more money, but you can’t get more time.
You can only become truly accomplished at something you love. Don’t make money your goal. Instead pursue the things you love doing and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off of you.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.
Don’t give up, don’t take anything personally, and don’t take no for an answer.
Don’t be upset when people reject you. Nice things are rejected all the time by people who can’t afford them.
The secret of change is to focus all your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
There are two rules for success: 1. Never reveal everything you know.
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.
If you talk about it, it’s a dream. If you envision it, it’s possible. If you schedule it, it’s real.
Forget your excuses. You either want it bad or don’t want it at all.
The key to success is to start before you are ready.
I want to be remembered as the one who tried.
How to stop time: kiss. How to travel in time: read. How to escape time: music. How to feel time: write. How to release time: breathe.
Time is what we want most and what we use worst.
It’s not about having enough time, it’s about making enough time.
Time is money.
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late.
The trouble is, you think you have time.
The greatest gift you could give someone is your time. Because when you give your time, you are giving a portion of your life you can’t get back.
Punctuality is not just limited to arriving at a place at the right time, it is also about taking actions at the right time.
Time always exposes what you mean to someone.
After all this time? Always.
You can’t let your failures define you. You have to let your failures teach you.
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong, and start being excited about what could go right.
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness.
Defeat is a state of mind; no one is ever defeated until defeat is accepted as a reality.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all―in which case, you fail by default.
Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
Why do we grieve failures longer than we celebrate wins?
Failure isn’t the end of the road. It’s a big red flag saying to you, ‘Wrong way. Turn around.’
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
You’re off to Great Places! Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting, so … get on your way!
When thinking about life, remember this: no amount of guilt can change the past and no amount of anxiety can change the future.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
Everything is hard before it is easy.
At the end of the day we can endure much more than we think we can.
Whatever you do, never run back to what broke you.
Take the risk or lose the chance.
The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind-the-scenes with everyone else's highlight reel.
Never regret a day in your life. Good days bring you happiness and bad days give you experience.
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
When the pain of an obstacle is too great, challenge yourself to be stronger.
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
The woman who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd. The woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has been before.
Life’s like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one.
Never stop learning because life never stops teaching.
If you’re the smartest person in the room, you’re in the wrong room.
The capacity to learn is a gift; the ability to learn is a skill; the willingness to learn is a choice.
The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.
To learn a language is to have one more window from which to look at the world.
I’m still learning.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Education is the most powerful weapon you can use to change the world.
What is coming is better than what is gone.
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
The greatest weapon against stress is the ability to choose one thought over another.
It takes nothing to join the crowd. It takes everything to stand alone.
You are the one that possesses the keys to your being. You carry the passport to your own happiness.
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.
One thing’s for sure, if you don’t play, you don’t win.
Winning means you’re willing to go longer, work harder, and give more than anyone else.
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence win championships.
When I win and when I lose, I take ownership of it, because I really am in charge of what I do.
A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning.
A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.
The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.
Losers quit when they fail. Winners fail until they succeed.
Competing at the highest level is not about winning. It’s about preparation, courage, understanding, nurturing your people, and heart. Winning is the result.
Words can inspire, thoughts can provoke, but only action truly brings you closer to your dreams.
Don’t stop when you are tired. Stop when you are done.
Don’t tell people about your dreams. Show them your dreams.
Revenge is a powerful motivator.
Motivation may be what starts you off, but it’s habit that keeps you going back for more.
I will not erase all my hard work this week because it’s the weekend.
It might not be easy, but it’ll be worth it.
Make your fear of losing your greatest motivator.
You will never always be motivated, so you must learn to be disciplined.
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go.
This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, 'Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?' Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It's not just in some of us; it's in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
He’s not perfect. You aren’t either, and the two of you will never be perfect. But if he can make you laugh at least once, causes you to think twice, and if he admits to being human and making mistakes, hold onto him and give him the most you can. He isn’t going to quote poetry, he’s not thinking about you every moment, but he will give you a part of him that he knows you could break. Don’t hurt him, don’t change him, and don’t expect for more than he can give. Don’t analyze. Smile when he makes you happy, yell when he makes you mad, and miss him when he’s not there. Love hard when there is love to be had. Because perfect guys don’t exist, but there’s always one guy that is perfect for you.